---
date: 2023-09-21T19:09:37.818Z
heading: We are delighted to kick off our journey with you!
image_desktop: /images/2023-09-18-desktop.jpg
image_desktop_webp: /images/2023-09-18-desktop.webp
image_tablet: /images/2023-09-18-tablet.jpg
image_tablet_webp: /images/2023-09-18-tablet.webp
image_mobile: /images/2023-09-18-mobile.jpg
image_mobile_webp: /images/2023-09-18-mobile.webp
og_image: /images/2023-09-18-og-image.jpg
---
Meet the Palianytsia Foundation, a nonprofit organization dedicated to spreading positivity and hope. We're here to uplift Ukrainian youth through high-tech education and provide crucial support during times of war-related evacuations.

**Empowering the Future: Tech Education for Ukrainian Youth**

At Palianytsia Foundation, we firmly believe in the transformative power of education. Our mission is to equip Ukrainian youth with the knowledge and skills required to excel in the high-tech world. In an era of rapid technological advancement, this education serves as their gateway to a brighter future.

In addition to education, Palianytsia Foundation stands steadfastly by the youth of Ukraine during times of war, especially when evacuation becomes a necessity. We are unwavering in our commitment to ensuring their safety and well-being, offering resources, shelter, and a helping hand when they need it most.

None of this would be possible without the unwavering support of our mentors and every individual who has rallied behind Palianytsia Foundation. Your dedication to the youth of Ukraine fuels our mission and inspires us every day.

**Take Action Today!** Join us in this noble journey to create a brighter future for Ukrainian youth. Here's how you can make a difference:

**Donate:** Your generous contributions can help us reach more young minds and provide essential support during times of crisis. Every donation counts!

**Volunteer:** Share your expertise, mentor, or lend a helping hand during evacuations. Your skills can change lives.

**Spread the Word:** Follow us on social media, share our mission, and inspire others to join our cause.

Let's unlock the potential of Ukraine's youth and offer them a brighter future in the high-tech world!